---
title: "Brag Sheet"
---
* **Extracurriculars:** I am a member of East Brunswick FIRST Inc. We operate a robotics team representing East Brunswick known as Astraean Robotics. As a member of the non-technical subteam, I write grants and and help organize outreach events to spread STEM throughout the community. We also apply for the prestigious FIRST Chairman's Award. For the 2021-2022 season, I have a leadership position as the Design Lead for the non-technical subteam. I am also Vice President of EBHS's Anime Club, as well as a member of French Honors Society and Future Business Leaders of America (FBLA).
* **Academics:** As of MP3 of the 2020-2021 school year, I have achieved Honor Roll each quarter since the beginning of ninth grade. This includes three instances of Gold Honor Roll since entering EBHS. On my SAT, I managed to get a score of 1510 on my first attempt in December 2020. At Rutgers Model Congress in the 2018-2019 school year, I won the award for Most Improved Delegate for my committee.
* **Hobbies:** I have been doing graphic design for 3 years, and this experience has given me leverage to gain the aforementioned Design Lead position in EBFI. I have designed their hoodies, website, Game Design logo, sponsorship packet, and interest posters. It has also opened the doors to other projects such the visuals for a podcast my friends and I were planning to do over the summer. I also enjoy photography, which I mostly do casually but have done photo and video work for EBFI. I have played piano and guitar in the past for two and three years, respectively. I often spend vacations hiking, especially at various National and State Parks, and this year I have started to take up snowboarding.
